Alright, we have our first exercise.
In this exercise first what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna delete this about page.
We're not actually going
to use this about page.
I'm going to delete this about page,
move to trash.
I'm gonna go to the menu and I'm gonna
remove this about page link here.
What I want you to do is I want you
to add a new page called restaurants.
In that restaurants page,
I want you to add that app restaurant
info grid and maybe put like an h1 that
says restaurants or something at the top.
So you're going to create the restaurants
page, you're going to add that in,
you're going to make sure
it's appended to the menu.
And the other thing you're going to
do is you're going to make a footer.
And you're going to make
the footer persist on every page.
If we go back to our next food app,
oops next food app.
You can take a look at what
our footer looks like here.
If you use the tag footer it will
automatically make it black for you.
It'll automatically put that style in and
you can put whatever you like in there.
I just said copyright
information goes here.
So create a footer.
The sticky will work if
you use a footer tag and
if it's done outside of the content class.
So if you go back to your layouts,
default dot view, we have this content.
If it's done outside of the content,
it will be sticky.
Create the page named restaurants and add
it to the navigation menu with the link,
add the app restaurant info component.
And you can look at the final result to
see what you need to create the page.
So the starter for
the problem is food app problem one, and
then we're going to go over
the solution in ten minutes.